Docs v.0.16 update: FS Browser & Cluster nodes Monitor (#810)
epam/cloud-pipeline: docs/md/manual/11_Manage_Runs/11._Manage_Runs.md

| **SSH** | Allows to shh to the instance running "sleep infinity" mode. See [6.1. Create and configure pipeline](../06_Manage_Pipeline/6.1._Create_and_configure_pipeline.md). |
| **RERUN** | Allows to rerun completed runs. |
| **EXPORT LOGS** | Allows to export logs. |

> | **BROWSE** | Allows to open a Storage browser so user can view, download, upload and delete files and directories for the current active run precisely. |

Reviewer: I suggest to put minor correctives:

```suggestion
| **BROWSE** | Allows to open the run instance filesystem in a Storage browser Web GUI - so the user can view, download, upload, delete files and directories for the current active run. |
```
